feat: allow running sidero without siderolink, changes after org rename (#801)
siderolabs/sidero: website/content/docs/v0.1/Overview/introduction.md

title: Introduction
---

> Sidero ("Iron" in Greek) is a project created by the [Talos Systems](https://www.siderolink.com/) team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sidero ("Iron" in Greek) is a project created by the [Sidero Labs](https://www.sideroabs.com/) team.

```

The goal of this project is to provide lightweight, composable tools that can be used to create bare-metal Talos + Kubernetes clusters.
These tools are built around the Cluster API project.

> Sidero is also a subproject of Siderolabs' [Arges](https://github.com/siderolabs/arges) project, which will publish known-good versions of these components (along with others) with each release.

Reviewer 2: should we remove Arges for now?
